#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-events
bleach==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
boto3==1.40.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
botocore==1.40.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-token-utils
    #   pyjwt
    #   secretstorage
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-statici18n
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-token-utils
    #   jsonfield
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-statici18n
django-config-models==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-filter==25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-simple-history==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-statici18n==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
docutils==0.22
    # via readme-renderer
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-events
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-event-bus-kafka==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-event-bus-redis==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
edx-token-utils==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==37.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
fastavro==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==1.5.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
fs==2.4.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
id==1.5.0
    # via twine
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.2.1
    # via keyring
jeepney==0.9.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
keyring==25.6.0
    # via twine
lazy==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
lti-consumer-xblock==9.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
lxml==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
nh3==0.3.0
    # via readme-renderer
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
openedx-django-pyfs==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
openedx-events==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
openedx-filters==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
    #   twine
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   tox
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   pyjwkest
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-token-utils
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pymongo==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   freezegun
    #   xblock
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   responses
    #   xblock
readme-renderer==44.0
    # via twine
redis==6.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   walrus
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   id
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   social-auth-core
    #   twine
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
responses==0.25.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==14.1.0
    # via twine
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   xblock
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via pydocstyle
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.28.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
twine==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   twine
virtualenv==20.33.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
walrus==0.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
web-fragments==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
xblock==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
